feat(content): add rack and few modifications of structure (#136)
glpi-project/doc: source/modules/assets/racks.rst

Racks
=====

A rack is a piece of equipment such as a patch bay or computer cabinet used to organize,

> house and physically connect different network equipment and servers in a datacenter or technical room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
host and physically connect different network equipments and servers in a datacenter or technical room.
```
